`UnexpecTEDIntentPolicy` final merge (#8913)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/testing-your-assistant.mdx

matrix shows how often the action was correctly predicted and how often an
incorrect action was predicted instead.

### Interpreting the generated warnings

The test script will also generate a warnings file called `results/stories_with_warnings.yml`.
This file contains all test stories for which [`action_unlikely_intent`](./default-actions.mdx#action_unlikely_intent)
was predicted at any conversation turn but all actions from the original story were predicted correctly.
However, if a test story originally included an `action_unlikely_intent`, for example to ensure [a rule is designed to
trigger the conversation path after an `action_unlikely_intent`](./default-actions.mdx#customization-1) but the ensemble of
policies failed to do so, then the corresponding story will end up in `results/failed_test_stories.yml` as
a failed story.

The stories are sorted by the severity of `action_unlikely_intent`'s prediction.
This severity is calculated by [`UnexpecTEDIntentPolicy`](./policies.mdx#unexpected-intent-policy) itself at prediction time.
The higher the severity, the more unlikely is the intent and hence reviewing that particular
conversation path becomes more critical.

> It should be noted that `action_unlikely_intent` is predicted by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that `action_unlikely_intent` is predicted by
```
